API version migration from v0.6 to v0.7 (#80)
uploadcare/uploadcare-android: CHANGELOG.md

# History

> ## 3.4.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 4.0.0
```

I think this is kinda breaking enough change for a major version bump, don't you think?

Author: Agree, but we should bump the version in gradle files as well.

Reviewer: Yep, I just didn't comment on every other line with a version. :-)

- Library:

>   - Migrated API from v0.6 to v0.7

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Migrated REST API support from v0.6 to v0.7.
```

>   - Removed the `UploadcareClient.storeGroup()` and `UploadcareGroup.store()` methods, as its
>     endpoint has been removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Removed the `UploadcareClient.storeGroup()` and `UploadcareGroup.store()` methods, as their
     endpoints have been removed.
```

>   - Added event types of webhooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Added support for new event types of webhooks.
```

>   - Removed the sorting methods by file size, as its parameter has been removed from the API query 
>     parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Removed sorting methods by file size, as the corresponding parameter has been removed from
    the API query parameters.
```

## 3.4.0
- Library:
  - Migrated REST API support from v0.6 to v0.7.
  - Removed the `UploadcareClient.storeGroup()` and `UploadcareGroup.store()` methods, as their

>      endpoints have been removed.

Reviewer: Oops, one less space please. :-(
